Presentation: Content customization doc enhancements (#3078)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/presentation/Content/RelatedPropertiesSpecification.md

| [`properties`](#attribute-properties)                                             | No        | `Array<string \| PropertySpecification> \| "_none_" \| "*"`                         | `"*"`               |
| [`autoExpand`](#attribute-autoexpand)                                             | No        | `boolean`                                                                           | `false`             |
| [`skipIfDuplicate`](#attribute-skipifduplicate)                                   | No        | `boolean`                                                                           | `false`             |
| [`nestedRelatedProperties`](#attribute-nestedrelatedproperties)                   | No        | [`RelatedPropertiesSpecification[]`](#related-properties-specification)             | `[]`                |

### Attribute: `propertiesSource`

[Specification of the relationship path](../Common-Rules/RelationshipPathSpecification.md) to follow when looking for related properties.

> 

Reviewer: This attribute seems to be similar to `relationshipPaths` of `RelatedInstanceNodesSpecification`. Could you adapt that description to suite this specification? Also please mention what happens when the relationships yield multiple output instances.

 > `Specifies a chain of [relationship path specifications](../Common-Rules/RelationshipPathSpecification.md) that forms a path from a source instance to the output instances. When this array is empty, the specification produces no results.`

Author: Updated, please have a look.

Reviewer: This is much better now, thanks.

```ts
[[include:Content.Customization.RelatedPropertiesSpecification.RelationshipMeaning.Ruleset]]
```

| `relationshipMeaning: "RelatedInstance"`                                                                                                                                      | `relationshipMeaning: "SameInstance"`                                                                                                                                   |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ![Example of using "relationship meaning" attribute set to "related instance"](./media/relatedpropertiesspecification-with-relationshipMeaning-attribute-relatedinstance.png) | ![Example of using "relationship meaning" attribute set to "same instance"](./media/relatedpropertiesspecification-with-relationshipMeaning-attribute-sameinstance.png) |

### Attribute: `properties`

> > **Default value:** `*`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Default value:** `"*"`
```

attribute. The attribute tells UI components showing the properties that they should be initially displayed in the expanded state.

```ts
[[include:Content.Customization.RelatedPropertiesSpecification.AutoExpand.Ruleset]]
```

| `autoExpand: false`                                                                                                                    | `autoExpand: true`                                                                                                                   |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| ![Example of using "auto expand" attribute set to "false"](./media/relatedpropertiesspecification-with-autoexpand-attribute-false.png) | ![Example of using "auto expand" attribute set to "true"](./media/relatedpropertiesspecification-with-autoexpand-attribute-true.png) |

### Attribute: `skipIfDuplicate`

> **Default value:** `false`

> The attribute specifies whether the specification should be ignored if it duplicates another higher priority specification for the same relationship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies whether the specification should be ignored if another higher priority specification for the same relationship already exists.
```
